== README

== Getting started with nubeTewb

Demo (Coming Soon)


* Current Ruby version: 2.2.1

* System dependencies
	Please see the Gemfile.
	Most importantly, nubeTewb uses [Yt/Fullscreen](https://github.com/Fullscreen/yt), which is a Ruby client for the YouTube API, and the [react-rails](https://github.com/reactjs/react-rails) gem.


* Configuration

* Database Setup
	In order to get the database up and running, run the following commands:
	<tt>bundle exec rake db:create</tt>
	<tt>bundle exec rake db:migrate</tt>
	<tt>bundle exec rake db:seed</tt>

	Note that it may take a while for the database to finish seeding as there are 3,000 videos being created, so it may take around 10-20 minutes give or take. Feel free to modify the seed file to change the limit parameter of each query to shorten the seed time.

* How to run the test suite
	There's yet to be any sort of pre-configuration for testing, so in order to test that the routes are working, run <tt>bundle exec rake db:test:prepare</tt> followed by <tt>bundle exec rspec</tt>.


* Starting up the server
	Subject to change. In your terminal, simply navigate over to the appropriate folder where you've cloned the project and run <tt>bundle exec rails s</tt> which should start up your server on Port:3000.

== Contribute!

There are a lot of features that can be added to this project. 

*For example, there are currently no features for adding new categories or editing/updating existing categories/videos. 

*A second major component could involve implementing an approval system for videos so that users can't simply fetch any old YouTube video and save it in the archives.

*In regards to styling, ideas are more than welcome, but please discuss them with me before you implement any changes!


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
